We're going to start our CLA journey by making a bucket.
Making a bucket in S3 via the CLA
is actually very straightforward.
You'll notice I've loaded up the Console
and I've deleted every bucket that I have.
I encourage you to do the same.
So we're just looking at an empty list.
Go ahead and jump over to the terminal.
And the mv command is the command that we're going to use
to make a bucket, mv for make bucket.
The mv command
or make bucket is used to make a bucket in S3.
Now, you won't get a lot of the configuration options
like we saw on the Console.
But we can go ahead
and get a bucket to store binary objects.
To execute the command,
I want you to type aws s3 mb s3 colon slash, slash.
Now at this point, you're going to name your bucket.
So I'm going to name mine fpmlil0203O.
I encourage you to use a name that has a consistent prefix
or some other indication
so that you can guarantee uniqueness throughout this course.
Go ahead and hit Enter.
And you'll see that Make Bucket executed.
Let's jump back to the Console
and Refresh our view.
And there is our bucket.
You'll see that objects can be public
and that's okay.
We're not going to have this bucket live for very long.
It's just a matter of, we created the bucket using the CLA.
Let's jump back in the terminal.
And now, we're going to delete that bucket.
And Delete Bucket command is actually very similar.
It's rb or remove bucket.
We're going to type in the value, fpmlil0203,
prefixed with the s3.
Go ahead and hit Enter.
And now, you'll see it says, Remove Bucket.
So we're going to go back to the Console,
refresh our view,
and our bucket is gone.
Now, let's go ahead and build a bucket that we will use
for most of the rest of this class.
Go ahead and execute your Create Bucket.
I'm just going to name mine with my prefix fpmlil.
Just for simplicity,
you can choose to do whatever you want here,
just know that this is going to be the bucket
that we're going to use for a lot of the work
that we're going to do in the rest of this course.
Go ahead and hit Enter.
Let it make the bucket.
We'll jump back into the Console,
refresh our view and our bucket is there.
I want you to select this Bucket
and click the Edit Public Access settings.
Let's go ahead and select Block All Public Access.
Hit Save and it's going to ask you to type in confirm.
We will Confirm that,
close this slide,
refresh our view
And now, you'll see that our bucket
and object are not public.
And that's all there is to using the mv
and the rb commands from within the CLA.